Fun Facts regarding "Ageha":
Worked On: June 5 [Imagery] & [All Steps], 2014
Released: ???
Serial Numbers: #A-271 / #M-196

* This is another legendary rhythm game song from back in
  the day, similar to (but perhaps not *quite* as famous
  as?) "One More Lovely."  In this case, the original
  simfile most people remember was written by Hayden.
  The chart was extremely jumpy.  Between my chart for
  "One More Lovely" and this one, this is the more
  traditional-feeling of the two; "One More Lovely" feels
  much more like a modern chart.

* The background (which I also used in the banner) I'd
  gotten from 4chan many years ago, in a wallpapers thread.
  I have no idea if it's "from" anywhere; my guess would
  be that someone on DeviantArt made it.

* My take on an Expert chart still involves many jumps in
  the non-run segments, but not every 8th is a jump; step-
  jumping is hard enough as it is, and making them all
  jumps would have A) made people angry for various
  reasons, and B) made it look a lot more like the
  original chart.  I'm hoping that this chart is liked
  enough for it to become a pad alternative to the
  original chart Hayden made that will make players who
  remember old-school sims happy; it's a 12, after all,
  what's not for hardcore players to like?

* Hard still holds on to some of Expert's prime precepts;
  there's still quite the hand count (although it's
  definitely not as difficult as Expert), and most of the
  stream from Expert now sees some pretty patterns that
  make sense instead.  With all it has, though, you'll
  not be complaining about its difficulty; it's a 10.

* Medium only uses the 3 most significant jumps in the
  song.  Other than that, some nice 8th patterning, 16ths
  used only in the slowdowns, and everything being nice
  and easy to read makes this an 8.

* Easy is extremely roll-ridden, but that's what the
  song seemed to want, and we all know by now I like to
  use rolls in places where it seems appropriate, so I
  went ahead and did what the song wanted.  Due to all
  those rolls, however, the stepcount isn't huge, and
  we end up not having as many tap notes as there
  otherwise would've been, so this ended up a 4.

* Novice will ask newbies to do rolls, too, and they're
  longer ones than on Easy.  Once again, not incredibly
  many tap notes in this chart except for the segment
  where Expert has those 16th runs, and even then, it
  doesn't get very hard at all.  Still, it isn't a 1 -
  rather, it's a 2.